Don't you dare...
insult...
my family!
LOWER ONE
It was way too easy.
I can totally see why...
he ordered me to kill you,
the boy with the earrings,
along with the Hashira!
Your very existence is, like...
It couldn't be more irritating, you know!
He's not dying?
You want to know why I'm not dead
after you decapitated me, don't you?
It's because the body over there
was no longer my main body.
While you were snoozing away...
MUGEN
I fused with this train!
Every inch of this train has become
my blood, my flesh and my bones!
So, do you think
you can protect them by yourself?
All these people packing this train
from one end to the other...
Can you alone keep me
from devouring them?
What should I do? What should I do?
The most I can protect on my own is two cars!
Any more than that,
and I can't guarantee their safety!
Rengoku! Zenitsu! Inosuke!
This is no time to be sleeping!
Wake up, will you? Please!
Nezuko!
Protect the sleeping passengers!
Follow me, damn minions!
All right!
Explosive Awakening!
Comin' through!
Lord Inosuke's comin' through!
EPISODE 5:
MOVE FORWARD!
Inosuke!
It's not safe anywhere on this train anymore!
We have to protect the sleeping passengers!
This whole train's turned into a demon!
Can you hear me?
This whole train is a demon!
I knew it!
So, I was right on the money!
That means I was a total stud as a leader!
Beast Breathing, Fifth Fang...
Crazy Cutting!
I'll save every last one of you guys!
Fall onto your knees...
and worship me!
Glorify me!
Lord Inosuke Hashibira is comin' through!
I have to go save the passengers!
If Inosuke can hold down the fort here,
I should go on ahead!
It's gone this far already?
Water Breathing...
First Form...
Water Surface Slash!
No good.
This is never going to end!
How am I supposed to fend it off?
Damn Demon Slayer,
scurrying around inside me.
You can cut all you want,
but I'll just keep regenerating.
And then, after all your strength is depleted...
I'm going to partake of those
200 passengers in a leisurely feast.
Thunder Breathing...
First Form...
Thunderclap and Flash!
Sixfold.
I'll protect you...
Nezuko!
Protect...
That sounded like thunder.
From one of the cars in the back?
What's going on?
Is Zenitsu awake now?
What about Rengoku?
And Nezuko?
I cannot do anything
but protect the people here!
This is bad! What should I do?
We can't fight in coordination!
Are the passengers in the back all right?
Damn!
It's so cramped!
And so hard to swing my sword!
To think that all of this happened
while I was dozing...
How could this be?
I'm ashamed as a Hashira.
If only I could crawl...
under a rock!
What happened?
What was that?
A demon attack?
Young Kamado!
Rengoku!
I was pretty thorough
with my slashing attacks on my way here,
so it should take the demon
a while to regenerate.
But there's no time to lose!
I'll keep it short!
Okay!
This train has eight cars in all.
I'll protect the five in the rear.
The yellow boy and your sister
will be in charge of the rest.
You and the boar head boy...
will go look for the demon's head
while keeping an eye on those three cars.
Head?
But this demon is—
No matter what form he's assumed,
so long as he's a demon, he's got a head!
I'll be searching for his weak spot as I fight!
I want you to show me how gutsy you are!
Amazing! I can't even see him!
Did the train shake earlier
because Rengoku was on the move?
He's so quick to read the situation
and make decisions!
Five cars, all by himself?
This is no time to be dazzled, idiot!
Do what you have to do!
The demon's scent is getting stronger
by the second! Hurry!
Inosuke! Where are you, Inosuke?
Shut up, or I'll kill you!
Up there, huh?
That guy with the goggle eyes
ordered me around!
But somehow...
Somehow...
Somehow, he was awesome!
I'm so pissed!
Inosuke! Keep an eye
on the three cars in the front!
You don't have to tell me!
And by the way, I've found it already!
With my all-out Seventh Form...
I found this master's weak spot!
You did? So, it's in the front, after all?
That's right, up front!
And that front part
is a heck of a lot creepier!
The scent got swept away because the wind
is so strong, making it hard to detect,
but if Inosuke says so,
there's no doubt about it!
So, it's around
where the coal's loaded, right?
That's right!
Understood!
Okay, let's go!
Forward!
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
MUGEN TRAIN ARC
Rengoku is protecting five cars for us!
Inosuke's found the enemy's weak spot!
Zenitsu and Nezuko are fighting, too!
I have to be useful, as well!
I have to protect everyone!
This is it, huh?
All right!
Inosuke!
Fishy, very fishy!
Especially around here!
Who the hell are you?
G-Get out of here!
The demon's head...
The demon's...
weak spot!
Gross!
Get away from me! Shoo! Shoo!
That's way too many hands!
Uh-oh!
Water Breathing, Sixth Form...
Whirlpool!
Inosuke, are you all right?
It's not like you came to my rescue, okay?
Yeah, I know!
It's here...
It's right beneath!
Directly below this place.
The demon's scent is powerful!
Inosuke! The demon's head
is right below here!
Don't boss me around!
I'm the leader!
Fine!
Just watch.
Beast Breathing, Second Fang...
Slice!
It's the bone.
His neck bone!
Water Breathing, Eighth Form...
Waterfall Basin!
It blocked it!
The gash is closing up!
It's regenerating so fast!
Not only that, but it took everything I had
just to expose the bone!
I have to sever it!
Inosuke! We're going to synchronize
our breathing and attack together!
One of us will slash the flesh
while the other jumps in to sever the bone!
Sounds good! Great idea!
I can praise you for that!
Thanks!
Let's go!
DREAM
Eyes of Forced Unconscious Sleep.
A Blood Demon Art!
He got me!
He's putting me to sleep!
Inosuke! Slash your own neck
in your dreams!
Then, you'll wake up!
It's all right!
Even if I fall under it,
I can break the spell!
Idiot! When you wake up, close your eyes!
Or else you'll fall under the spell right away!
Okay, I'm awake!
Damn! Even though I'm awake,
I can't avoid looking at the eyes!
I have to wake up with my eyes shut!
With my eyes shut!
No good!
Wake up!
Hurry!
Cut the neck!
Cut it! Cut it!
I have to wake up!
Hurry!
Wake up!
This isn't a dream! It's reality!
Don't fall for his trap!
Don't die such lame deaths!
I'm wearing the hide
of the mountain god on my head.
I bet he's too scared
to look me in the eye!
You loser eyeballs!
I see. He's having a hard time
telling which way Inosuke's looking!
All right, now all we gotta do
is slash this thing to death!
Inosuke!
Don't you dare get in the way of my dream!
Did you get stabbed?
I'm okay.
Just forget about that bastard!
I can't do that! I won't let him die!
If we don't chop this demon's head off soon,
we won't be able to make it!
I know! Let's get moving!
Inosuke!
Synchronize your breathing with mine!
And let's chop off the demon's head!
Let's attack together!
No good! If I fall asleep now...
Damn you!
C'mon! Follow me!
Beast Breathing, Fourth Fang...
Slice 'n' Dice!
Father, please protect me!
I'm going to sever that bone...
with this blow!
Hinokami Kagura...
Clear Blue Sky!
What am I doing here?
I still haven't woken up from that dream?
Huh?
Big Brother...
I will protect you!
Ne...
Nezuko!
It was a dream?
Thank goodness!
Your sweet little chin looked like a butt!
I almost forgot the preview!
Next, Episode 6, "Akaza"!
TO BE CONTINUED